Keegan Saunders

2523 S. Sienna Dr, Nampa, ID, 83686

**Cell:** (208) 615-1670 **Email:** <keegansaun@gmail.com> **GitHub:**
github.com/k-saun

**Skills**

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| -   Languages: Java, Ruby,       | -   Technologies:                |
|     > Python, C, PHP             |                                  |
|                                  |     -   Selenium, RSpec,         |
| -   Concepts: OOP, Web           |         > Node.js, Rails         |
|     > development, Agile         |                                  |
|     > Development                |     -   JavaScript, CSS, HTML,   |
|                                  |         > React                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

**Education**

Boise State University (2016 - Present) - GPA: 3.4/4.0

-   A Senior pursuing a double major in Computer Science and Music.

-   Relevant coursework:

    -   Web Development, Algorithms and Data Structures, Artificial
        > Intelligence, Programming Languages, Linear Algebra,
        > Probability and Statistics

**Work Experience**

**QA Automation and Web Dev Intern:** A10 Networks, Boise, ID (May 2019
- December 2019)

-   Working with a small team of developers to create automated UI QA
    > tests.

-   Developing a commercial website via a Ruby on Rails stack.

**Gigging Musician:** Boise, ID (2015 - Present)

Playing Jazz saxophone around the Northwest, in settings like
restaurants, concerts, and weddings

**Projects**

**Website, Boise State University, 2019**

Developing a website over the course of Fall semester '19 to apply all
concepts learned in Intro to Web Dev. Some of these concepts include
HTML, CSS styling, SQL & PHP, APIs, JavaScript / AJAX, and others. This
project will be finished in February 2020. Check out my progress thus
far via my github, or at
[[http://tabor-and-lark.herokuapp.com]{.underline}](http://taber-and-lark.herokuapp.com).

**Selenium Test Suite, A10 Networks, 2019**

Developed an automated UI test suite that utilizes Selenium and RSpec.
Worked alongside A10 network developers to test new features in a
staggered sprint style. They are then integrated with jenkins to
regressively test UI elements upon new builds. [Used: Ruby, Selenium,
RSpec, Rails, HTML, Git]{.underline}

**Bogus Basin Scraper, Personal, 2018**

Wrote a JavaScript program to scrape bogusbasin.org to retrieve
statistics such as snow depth and temperature. This information is
stored in a SQL database and deployed on mobile platforms. [Used: JS,
nightmare,js, cheerio,js, PHP, mySQL, Android]{.underline}

**B Tree, Boise State University, 2018**

Worked with a group of two other students to produce a fully functioning
B Tree data structure to store and sort human genome sequences. Explored
and employed agile development concepts to create an efficient group
work flow. [Used: Java, Git]{.underline}
